Sun Dou
Overnight brother
Here we are again.
You are not three days away now.
Impressed
Not seeing each other for a day made my Sun look at it with admiration
Xiaomura, I see you
Just deceived him.
He's a gambler
Cousin, you are too shallow
The business knowledge mastered by the brothers
That's very powerful
Just a few words for you and me to learn for a lifetime
Respect him for knowing what business knowledge is
He just got lucky
Since Mr. Sun said the epidemic, he knows business knowledge
Then let him tell us
Let's all have a long experience
Ok Yuqiong
Don't you understand?
Come and teach everyone a lesson
Well, I'll teach you a lesson
The first lesson is to tell you
Free or the most expensive?
What is free and expensive?
What does that have to do with anything?
I look at him
It's just gibberish.
It's like the free bully game hall I got.
The word free has brought me a lot of people
It also promoted my New Year's gift box.
And the efficiency of the Xiaobawang game console
I will also let more dealers come to me to talk about cooperation.
rambling
How can free things make money?
Just saying of course you don't believe it
You have to experience it to understand better
What company has all its dealers divested?
To cooperate with Liqiu
What the hell did you do?